# Design

To jumpstart the project, bootstrap templates were used as the skeleton of the site. We implemented two different templates in our site: the launching page and individual menu pages for English and US History. We heavily altered the pages to suit our needs, such as changing the color scheme of the CSS file and adding and removing widgets from the HTML.

Under each menu is a context of what the category covers as well as 8 modules that users can study and learn from. The module page consisted of a carousel of flashcards that users can learn from as well as English text that contains Chinese translations when the user hovers over the text. Hopefully this allows students to become familiar with the English, and if necessary, they may review the Chinese translations. These features were implemented with the help of Bootstrap library and W3Schools’ custom code. Since we weren’t able to find examples of implementations of flashcards using HTML, we took a more creative route and tried combining a few features. We utilized W3School’s code to create cards that flipped when users hovered over them and made each of them a carousel item in Boostrap’s slideshow library. In order to add Chinese translations to the text, we implemented tooltip from Bootstrap so that the translations would pop up when text is hovered over. Once the module page’s template was complete, it was used to create the rest of the modules.
	
#### There are three types of exams, two types to review Beginner English and one type to prepare for the US History Examination during the Citizenship Interview. The Beginner English exams include
1. Randomized exam that requires text field answers 
2. A matching game to match the english word with its respective image.
3. The US History exam is a multiple choice exam.
#### Randomized Text Field Exam
We found a simple example of a quiz that randomized questions from (https://www.webdeveloper.com/d/286477-how-to-make-a-javascript-quiz-to-choose-10-random-questions-from-100-questions/6) and used the idea for one of our tests. Since the code was the bare minimum, it gave us more room to customize and change its features. First, we altered the CSS of the texts and the input fields to make the UI more aesthetically pleasing. Afterwards, we changed up the Javascript so that once the user hits the submit button, it would not only count the number of correct answers, but also correct the user if they had inputted wrong answers. The text fields would also change color to be green if correct, red if wrong, and grey if left unanswered.
#### Matching Game
We found code for developing a memory game from Github (https://github.com/sandraisrael/Memory-Game-fend) and altered it so that we could use it as a matching vocabulary game. Hopefull,y this game is able to reinforce the knowledge from the modules by creating a visual way of learning and assessing. Afterwards, we integrated the snippet of code into our website and changed the CSS to make it fit our site’s themes. Icons were retrieved from Font Awesome Icons.
#### Multiple Choice
We used a multiple choice exam for the US History section because it best matches the format of the actual exam – a selection of 10 questions where the student must answer with the correct response. This exam has 20 questions, and the answer choices were written as buttons in HTML. An actionlistener was added on the submite button such that, upon being clicked, the background color of each text field (originally a light grey) will change to a light red or light green depending on whether the selected answer is correct or not. 

In addition, we have incorporated audio into our website. Audio is used in the US History section, as the US History section assumes that the student has already learned the basic English required for comprehension. Each of the statements in English are read aloud in English to allow the students to familiarize themselves with listening to English and allow the students to be able to learn the necessary voice inflections to speak the English themselves. Audio was recorded for each subsection of context in each module provided and added to the page using HTML audio tags.
